IBX-2764: Added missing OSS v2.5 -> v3.3 database upgrade scripts (#1594)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/snippets/update/db/update_db_2.5-3.3.md

If you are upgrading between [[= product_name_com =]] versions,
add the `content/read` Policy with the Owner Limitation set to `self` to the "Ecommerce registered users" Role.

### Ibexa Open Source

> If you're upgrading to Ibexa Open Source v3.3 and have no access to `ibexa/installer` package, run the following SQL commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading to Ibexa Open Source v3.3 and have no access to `ibexa/installer` package, run the following SQL commands:
```

Author: @juskora thanks, fixed via 5a88233

=== "MySQL"

    ``` sql
    START TRANSACTION;
    DELETE FROM `ezsite_data` WHERE `name` IN ('ezpublish-version', 'ezpublish-release', 'ezplatform-release');

>     INSERT INTO ezsite_data (`name`, `value`) VALUES ('ibexa-release', '3.3.17');

Author: > We need to keep this in sync with the latest 3.3.x release, right @alongosz?

True, for doc it should probably say `3.3.16`. Obviously it creates a bit of maintenance "hiccup". Maybe it's an overkill and it should be just 3.3 until it's really used?

>     INSERT INTO ezsite_data (`name`, `value`) VALUES ('ibexa-release', '3.3.17');

Author: Changed as described, too much of a hassle to remember about this, especially that we don't use it yet.

>     INSERT INTO ezsite_data (`name`, `value`) VALUES ('ibexa-release', '3.3.17');

Reviewer 2: To be honest we should make it part of the upgrade script, if it's really necessary to keep this in database.

:+1: for the current version.

>     INSERT INTO ezsite_data (`name`, `value`) VALUES ('ibexa-release', '3.3.17');

Author: > To be honest we should make it part of the upgrade script, if it's really necessary to keep this in database.
> 
> +1 for the current version.

It's rather maintenance around what was already there since eZ Publish 3.x. As said - we don't use it yet.
